- Aidan (FNAL):
    - working with Jon on 8 engine design. Currenly 6 engines fit in FPGA resource budget. Will consider removing unnessecary functionality.
    - Cold tests to be continued this week. Need to add hexacontroller RTD to tests
    


Stage 1 fw working 
communication to GBTSCA
ROC is connecting to clock
Then things 

Mini DAQ - Alp
not too o

Arnaud
will use meeting DAQ- FE 

link to what is discussed in last Friday.

hexacontroller - what is the plan
two meetings in the past two weeks.
Kria based hexacontroller. Still waiting on the PCBs
when we have them in hand.
DAQ - we have a few of them.
populate 20 modules not yet - 
we have 2-3 
electrical tests. What was done at CERN.
Assembly process worked. 
Loop back test with SFPs, distributing them
who gets how many in the first batch. who pays what and how.
when can we sell them? Then we can produce more.

components for 20 modules
50 pcbs.

~139 krias total
needed without any spares.
waiting on the PCBs. converters DCDC = 2 in hand.
Start the testing process on them

KIT - HGCal week
Adapter betwwen VLDB+ 
no Econs
tile boards - enough to excercise slow and fast control
GBTSCA working quite nicely.
Fast commands in STage one FW from Raghu
GBTSCA
ROC is locking to the Fast clock 
tileboard with Serenity connection working
Stablity issue - link issues. Reading out the buffers. Unlocking.
E-links.
ROC from I2C
Milos - input similar to what 
Attenuate the optical power in the downlink for the recovered clock in the front end to be stable.
pull out the connectors a bit.
Initial tests did not help.
fibers are clean -
maybe need to add an attenuator.

milos: jist of the system works in beam test
dropped data. 
Arnaud - error rate was 10^-10
25% errors for Fabian - also when talk directly to the LPGbt
GBTSCA via EC port and I2C
different VTRX
also with lpgbt
serenity
mechanic to repeat the transaction


Milos- many points of failure. Don't try to reach furthest chip the soonest. 
lpGBT first
optical scope clk and probe points. Splitter  - 
Jan Troska pulled the fiber out...
splitters are used for attenuating

VTRX saturates when exposed to too high optical power -
out of Spec?? Firefly has some power 
Not a problem of VTRX to Firefly
dont see this ussue on the trigger path
VTRX+ has enough power to communicator - but not the problem here.

attenuator in series. Not connecting to 0db atto
Jan's lab - test system - different but still firefly to vtrx

on the ZCU there is not a problem.
on the ZCU the 10 G was less prominent

Milos had a presentation at BE meeting last week on GB links
Fabian to check on which Firefly is being used at KIT
Fixed alternators in the lab??
Milos ordered a dozen of these. Should arrive in 2 weeks. Currently solved with splitters.
1.05 


CERN - Martim, 
consolidating MiniDAQ 
debug and non-debug branches.
FW developed by stavros update to new designs.
Slow control 
Status bits on lpGBT side
no reset at beginning of I2C transaction
when you start a new one
poll the status register
failed transaction - 

Train with 6 engines working.
Almost have data going from Front end to backend

One of the 12 link missing...
Will try to acquire full pedestal data.
For the missing elink
Then 

Milos - testing each of the interfaces what adds to the overall error rate. 
Optical power issue is probably the most severe issue.

LpGBT uplink
Fast control stream with that fix maybe we have solved many issues.
ECON D interface 
phase trianing is used
ROC to Econ interface.

ROOT file - 
ADC count


Jai hoa - made progress on SWAMP


Jon - 
ECON mezzanine testing - QA testing
small test stand 
2 ECON D and 2 ECONT asics!!
no CM
issue on the board by board 
2 pins on the Econ D that has to be lifted.
Produced but not assembled
Fix to the design - production version will not need this 
VDB pins
earlier iteration of the pinnout - they were grounded in the schematic - when moved to VDB - the ground was not removed CMs.

Single ROC tester addapted to ZCU102 system for Omega - 
Request from Rajdeep - not heard taht it is in use.



